[12.0][ADD] mrp_subcontracting_purchase_link (#543)
OCA/manufacture: mrp_subcontracting_purchase_order/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module does the following:

> - Extends _prepare_subcontract_mo_vals() and add purchase order reference to subcontract manufacturing orders.
> - Add action button purchase order form views to open related subcontract manufacturing orders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extends _prepare_subcontract_mo_vals() and adds the purchase order reference to the subcontracted manufacturing orders.
- Adds an action button in the purchase order form view to open related subcontracted manufacturing orders.
```
